OSDOCS-18784-11 created assembly/modules for api (#111965)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eso-controller-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-operator-api.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="eso-controller-config_{context}"]
= controllerConfig

[role="_abstract"]
The `controllerConfig` specifies the configurations used by the controller when installing the `external-secrets` operand and the plugins.

[cols="1,1,1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default
| Validation

| `certProvider`

> | _string_

Reviewer: This change got missed in the commit, I think. 

```suggestion
| _CertProvidersConfig_
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-operator-api.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="eso-controller-config_{context}"]
= controllerConfig

[role="_abstract"]
The `controllerConfig` specifies the configurations used by the controller when installing the `external-secrets` operand and the plugins.

[cols="1,1,1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default
| Validation

| `certProvider`

> | _string_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _CertProvidersConfig_
```

| `certProvider` defines the configuration for the certificate providers used to manage TLS certificates for webhook and plugins.
|
| 

| `labels`
| _object (keys:string, values:string)_
| `labels` field applies labels to all resources created for the `external-secrets` operand deployment.
|
a| The maximum number of properties is 20.

The minimum number of properties is 0.

| `annotations`
| _object (keys:string, values:string)_
| `annotations` add custom annotations to all the resources created for the `external-secrets` deployment. The annotations are merged with any default annotations set by the Operator. User-specified annotations take precedence over defaults in case of conflicts. Annotation keys containing the reserved domains `kubernetes.io/`, `openshift.io/`, `k8s.io/`, or `cert-manager.io/` (including subdomains like `*.kubernetes.io/`) are not allowed.
|
a| The maximum number of annotations is 20.

The minimum number of annotations is 0.

| `networkPolicies`
| _networkPolicy array_

> | `networkPolicies` specifies the list of network policy configurations to be applied to the `external-secrets` pods. Each entry allows specifying a name for the generated `NetworkPolicy` object, along with its full Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` definition. The Operator prepends `eso-user-` to the provided name when creating the Kubernetes object. If this field is not provided, `external-secrets` components are isolated with `deny-all` network policies, which prevents proper operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `networkPolicies` specifies the list of network policy configurations
to be applied to `external-secrets` pods. Each entry allows specifying a name for the generated `NetworkPolicy` object, along with its full Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` definition. If this field is not provided, external-secrets components will be isolated with deny-all network policies, which will prevent proper operation.
```

The minimum number of items is 0.

| `componentConfigs`
| _ComponentConfig array_
| `componentConfigs` allows specifying deployment-level configuration overrides for individual `external-secrets` components. This field enables fine-grained control over deployment settings for each component independently.
Each component can have only one configuration entry.
|
| The maximum number of items is 4.

The minimum number of items is 0.

| `trustedCABundle`

*ConfigMapKeyReference*
| _object_
a| `trustedCABundle` references a ConfigMap containing PEM-encoded CA certificates for the `external-secrets` core controller to trust when making outbound TLS connections. If specified, this bundle is used for all outbound TLS traffic, including connections to external secret management systems and configured proxies.

The ConfigMap must exist in the `external-secrets` Operand namespace and must not carry the CNO inject-trusted-cabundle label when proxy is configured. When omitted, external providers use standard system certificates. When proxy is configured, proxy TLS connections use the operator-managed {product-title} trusted CA bundle injected by the Cluster Network Operator.

> | 

Reviewer: This field is not present in 4.18
```suggestion
```
